feat: Add AssociatePublicIpAddress to EC2NodeClass (#5437)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/nodeclasses.md

>  ---

Reviewer: Once this is ready to merge doc changes will also need to be reflected in the `website/content/en/docs` path. No rush to add them there, they'll just have to be before merge.

Author: I see, is it to version `v0.33`?

Reviewer: Since this is a new feature it wouldn't go in until the next minor version bump so no. There should be two paths where doc changes are reflected, `website/content/en/preview` (what you have now), and `website/content/en/docs`.

Reviewer: Sorry, I was mistaken here. I thought `website/content/en/docs` is an alias for preview but it's actually an alias for the current version (v0.33). You only need the changes in preview.

    - id: "subnet-0471ca205b8a129ae"
```

## spec.associatePublicIpAddress

> a boolean field to control whether the instances created by karpenter for this node class will have an associated public IP address. 
> when not specified, the node will have public IP adders if it is launched in a subnet with public IP auto-assign enabled `MapPublicIpOnLaunch=true`.
> 
> {{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}
> setting this field to true can cause instance launches to fail if the instance was configured with multiple EFAs. the two options can not be used together
> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean field that controls whether instances created by Karpenter for this EC2NodeClass will have an associated public IP address. This overrides the `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` setting applied to the subnet the node is launched in. If this field is not set, the `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` field will be respected.

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}
If `associatePublicIPAddress` is set to `true` and a NodePool referencing that EC2NodeClass is used to provision a Node for a NodeClaim requesting multiple `vpc.amazonaws.com/efa` resources, the instance launch will fail. A public IP address may only be associated with a node at launch if a single network interface is configured. 
{{% /alert %}}
```

Could you also move this block to the end of this section so the order matches the EC2NodeClass example at the top of the page?

  detailedMonitoring: true
```

## spec.associatePublicIPAddress

A boolean field that controls whether instances created by Karpenter for this EC2NodeClass will have an associated public IP address. This overrides the `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` setting applied to the subnet the node is launched in. If this field is not set, the `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` field will be respected.

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}

> If `associatePublicIPAddress` is set to `true` and a NodePool referencing that EC2NodeClass is used to provision a Node for a NodeClaim requesting multiple `vpc.amazonaws.com/efa` resources, the instance launch will fail. A public IP address may only be associated with a node at launch if a single network interface is configured.

Reviewer 2: Why can't we assign a public IP to the primary ENI, and use secondary enis for the EFAs?

Author: I think it could be done!
I thought this was undesirable from design perspective
https://github.com/aws/karpenter-provider-aws/pull/5437#discussion_r1445231762

Reviewer: I think we could do that but I'm not sure that solves the problem laid out in my original comment. My understanding is that when launching with multiple ENIs (regardless of EFA) you can not set this field to true. Would there be any other advantage of configuring the primary ENI to be a non-EFA ENI?

Reviewer: The only reason it's called out specifically for EFA is currently this is the only path for Karpenter to launch an instance with multiple ENIs.

Reviewer: I'm having a hard time finding docs to back this at the moment but this is the error message from launching multiple non-EFA ENIs:
```
"error":"launching nodeclaim, creating instance, with fleet error(s), InvalidParameterCombination: The associatePublicIPAddress parameter cannot be specified when launching with multiple network interfaces."
```

Author: if I understand this correctly, this happens when all interfaces are configured with `AssociatePublicIPAddress` = true

I think it is not a problem when only the primary one is set to have `AssociatePublicIPAddress` while the rest are not. I will try to validate this path

Reviewer 2: SGTM!

Author: I was wrong 
I created a test case where I set the AssociatePublicIPAddress to the first network interface and the create fleet instance failed
also, it is mentioned in the documentation [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/request-spot-fleet.html
)
![Screenshot 2024-01-25 at 14 28 33](https://github.com/aws/karpenter-provider-aws/assets/1551247/5b80db3a-3744-4d43-84c0-5f9add84d953)

Author: I also updated the docs

Reviewer: I'm good with ignoring this for EFA but I think we should still allow users to set this to false. Some users have reported this as a requirement for security policies and from personal testing I can confirm that you can set the value to either false or nil with multiple network interfaces. Basically would just need to change true to nil and respect the value otherwise.

  detailedMonitoring: true
```

## spec.associatePublicIPAddress

A boolean field that controls whether instances created by Karpenter for this EC2NodeClass will have an associated public IP address. This overrides the `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` setting applied to the subnet the node is launched in. If this field is not set, the `MapPublicIpOnLaunch` field will be respected.

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}

> for a NodeClaim requesting `vpc.amazonaws.com/efa` resources, the `associatePublicIPAddress` field is completely ignored
> A public IP address may only be associated with a node at launch if a single network interface is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `NodeClaim` requests `vpc.amazonaws.com/efa` resources, the `associatePublicIPAddress` field is ignored.
A public IP address may only be associated with a node at launch if a single network interface is configured. 
This is inherently incompatible with instances configured for EFA workloads since Karpenter will configure an EFA for each network card on the instance.
```
